Added --ver-dep flag to sui cli (#6601)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/build/cli-client.md

## Publish packages

You must publish packages to the Sui [distributed ledger](../learn/how-sui-works.md#architecture) for the code you developed to be available in Sui. To publish packages with the Sui client, use the `publish` command.

> The publish command requires that you specify the directory where your package lives using the `--path` parameter. The value is the path to the `my_move_package` as per the [package creation description](move/write-package.md). You must also provide a `gas` object to pay for publishing the package and a `gas-budget` value.

Reviewer: As of 7c68497 the `path` parameter is no longer passed as a flag (`--path`) it's an optional positional parameter the defaults to the current working directory, so we might as well fix the docs up to match that in this pass as well!

Also, nit: Is the "the" necessary here?

```suggestion
The publish command requires that you specify the directory where your package lives using the `--path` parameter. The value is the path to `my_move_package` as per the [package creation description](move/write-package.md). You must also provide a `gas` object to pay for publishing the package and a `gas-budget` value.
```

Author: It is not.

Parameters used for the `publish` command example:
* `--path` - Defines the path to the Move package to publish.
* `--gas` - The Coin object used to pay for gas.
* `--gas-budget` - Gas budget for running module initializers. 

> * `--verify-dependencies` - Optional flag to have the CLI check that a dependency exists on-chain. 

Reviewer: Suggestion to indicate that it checks all dependencies, and beyond just existing, they need to match (please feel free to rephrase).

```suggestion
* `--verify-dependencies` - Optional flag to have the CLI check that all dependencies match their on-chain counterparts. 
```

environment variable):

```shell
$ sui client publish --path $PATH_TO_PACKAGE/my_move_package --gas 0xc8add7b4073900ffb0a8b4fe7d70a7db454c2e19 --gas-budget 30000 --verify-dependencies
```

> The call uses the optional `--verify-dependencies` flag to verify the bytecode for dependencies found at their respective published addresses matches the bytecode you get when compiling that dependency from source code. If the bytecode for a dependency does not match, your package does not publish and you receive an error message indicating which package and module the mismatch was found:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The call uses the optional `--verify-dependencies` flag to verify the bytecode for dependencies found at their respective published addresses matches the bytecode you get when compiling that dependency from source code. If the bytecode for a dependency does not match, your package does not publish and you receive an error message indicating at which package and module the mismatch was found:
```
